docs: restructure menu of docs (DEV-1623) (#286)
dasch-swiss/dsp-tools: docs/dsp-tools-start-stack.md

[![DSP-TOOLS](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/dasch-swiss/dsp-tools?include_prereleases&label=DSP-TOOLS)](https://github.com/dasch-swiss/dsp-tools)

> # Run a DSP stack on your local machine 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Run the DSP stack on your local machine 
```

> DSP-API is the heart of the DaSCH service platform. 
> It is a server application for storing data from the Humanities. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DSP-API is a server application for archiving research data from the Humanities. 
```

DSP-APP is a generic user interface for the user to look at and work with data stored in DSP-API. 
It's a server application, too. 

> For testing purposes, it is sometimes necessary to run DSP-API and DSP-APP on a local machine. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For testing purposes it is sometimes necessary to run DSP-API and DSP-APP on a local machine. 
```

| how it works                | run `dsp-tools start-stack` | execute commands from within locally cloned DSP-API/DSP-APP repositories |
| software dependencies       | Docker, Python, DSP-TOOLS   | XCode command line tools, Docker, sbt, Java, Angular, node, yarn         |
| mechanism in the background | run pre-built Docker images | build DSP-API and DSP-APP from a branch in the repository                |
| available versions          | latest released version     | any branch, or locally modified working tree                             |
| caveats                     |                             | dependencies must be kept up to date                                     |

### Simple way: `dsp-tools start-stack`

This command runs Docker images with the latest released versions of DSP-API and DSP-APP, 
i.e. the versions that are running on [https://admin.dasch.swiss](https://admin.dasch.swiss). 
The only prerequisite for this is that Docker is running, 
and that you have Python and DSP-TOOLS installed.

Some notes:

 - As long as you want to keep the data in the database, don't execute `dsp-tools stop-stack`. 
 - It is possible to leave DSP-API up for a long time. 

>    If you want to save power, you can pause Docker. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If you want to save resources, you can pause Docker. 
```

   When you resume it, DSP-API will still be running, in the state how you left it.
 - You can also send your computer to sleep while the DSP stack is running. 
   For this, you don't even need to pause Docker.

#### When should I restart DSP-API?

> After creating a data model and adding some data in your local DSP stack, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After creating a data model and adding some data into your local DSP stack, 
```

you can work on DSP as if it was the live platform. 
But there are certain actions that are irreversible or can only be executed once, 
e.g. uploading the same JSON project file. 
If you edit your data model in the JSON file, 

> and then you want to upload it a second time, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and you want to upload it a second time, 
```
